Documentation for New Webhooks Integration API (#7004)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/api/integrations_webhook/webhooks_create.md

---

> title: Create a Webhook for Webhooks Integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Create a Webhooks Integration
```

type: apicontent
order: 21.2

> external_redirect: /api/#create-a-webhook-for-webhooks-integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
external_redirect: /api/#create-a-webhooks-integration
```

---

> ## Create a Webhooks Integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a Webhook for Webhooks Integration
```

Creates an endpoint with the name `<WEBHOOK_NAME>`.

**ARGUMENTS**:

-   **`name`** [*required*]: The name of the webhook. Corresponds with `<WEBHOOK_NAME>`. [Learn more on how to use it in monitor notifications][1].

> -   **`url`** [*required*]: URL of the webhook

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   **`url`** [*required*]: URL of the webhook.
```

> -   **`payload`** [*required*]: If `null`, uses default payload. If given a JSON payload, the webhook will return the payload specified by the given payload. [Using those variables][2].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   **`payload`** [*required*]: If `null`, uses default payload. If given a JSON payload, the webhook returns the specified payload. [Using those variables][2].
```

Reviewer 2: Can you add more context to the link? Right now, I'm not sure why it's linked. Good format is something like `For more information on _____, see Using those variables.`

> -   **`custom_headers`** [*required*]: If `null`, uses no header. If given a JSON payload, these will be headers attached to your webhook.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   **`custom_headers`** [*required*]: If `null`, uses no header. If given a JSON payload, attaches the specified headeers to your webhook.
```
